Generalizes substrate adoption on learn/framework/architecture/ (#194)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: learn/framework/architecture.md

## Introduction {: #introduction }

> Substrate is a software development kit (SDK) for building blockchains. This framework is the foundation and engine powering the Polkadot and Kusama ecosystems along with their associated rollups, Cardano's partner chains, the Tanssi network itself, and the appchains deployed through Tanssi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substrate is a software development kit (SDK) for building blockchains. This framework is the foundation and engine powering many projects across the Web3 ecosystem, including the Tanssi network itself and the appchains deployed through Tanssi.
```
